@PrincessSuperC Hey Cici sweetheart! Just wanted to let u know I luv u! OH! and will the mixtape drop soon? FANTASY RIDE MAY 5TH!!!!
@Msdebramaye I heard about that contest! Congrats girl!!
UNC!!! NCAA Champs!! Franklin St.: I WAS THERE!! WILD AND CRAZY!!!!!! Nothing like it...EVER http://tinyurl.com/49955t3
yo hologram tupac, i'm real happy for you and i'ma let you finish but obi-wan kenobi was one of the best holograms of all time!!!!!!! #nike
yo hologram tupac, i'm real happy for you and i'ma let you finish but obi-wan kenobi was one of the best holograms of all time!!!!!!!
one of the simplest ways to stay happy is to let go of the things that make you sad.
thanks to all our packer fans that voted for and against me in the madden voting! happy wednesday! curseavoided go bucks
they get a happy life together. where's mine?
you have made my husband a happy, happy man.
i feel sooo awful after a long happy day.
happy birthday :d longlife, wish u all the best (ˆ?ˆ) gbu o:)
rt silent hill 2 has just nabbed the best horror release date of the year - halloween 2012. hope that makes you all happy. it surely does me!
hmmm..find people who make you happy!
so happy to be apart of class council :)
happy birthday ?(???)+ ?(???)? +(???)?
never let theese hoes know when your home is not happy..
happy birthday! i even drew your hat ;)
your voice makes me happy. &lt;3
greyson's really happy in asia, i think we shouldn't judge about it, if he's happy then i'm happy too...
rt if eddie takes me to eat somewhere, i'll be a happy camper.
rt nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. marilynmonroeid
happy birthday ! i love youuu!!!:d ??
since when do we have an ice cream man! hahah, yess! the ice cream truck plays happy music!
perfectly happy in mommy's lap.
forealtho y'all should definitely burn me some cd's w/ your favorite songs on them. that would make me so happy. i'll listen to them 24/7.
i love happy endings.
? want our story is like the titanic! but ours has a happy ending ? i love you :) rt: 88
um secret. trop de maco sur la place..yeah.tant que t happy
happy anniv -bf longlast and keep romantic ya :d
seriously guys. 3 more questions to go then i've finally finished this psychology homework. you guys dont understand how happy i am atm
...but crack made him happy and you need money to get that lol. just saaaaad!
if happy ever after did exist then i would still be holding you like this
happy birthday waihong! (:
happy birthday ...dm my goodies o
rt do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
can't wait to sleep, been such a stressful day! so happy to finally have some good news..x
happy birthday joe hart&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
rt happy 30th bday to
` happy birthday ( :
happy burfdai biyatch
happy birthday, have a good one! where's the party at?
rt joe cole happy at lille and in no rush to return to liverpool via
rt awww that's soo cool lmaoo<3 im so happy!!
rt i'm happy. suprise
my mom is so happy aeto won the race today! 2x's the blessing &lt;3
i'm happy for you tho! i heard you sold your prom dress!?
rt weddings make me so happy
thank you! it was a weird one for us at first but happy it got there in the end. x
yeah i'll take your briefs to- oh, right, should really read all the tweet. thanks, you could never not make me happy ...
rt you would rather be single and happy than married and miserable.
i know, thought they were supposed to be keeping us viewers happy!
happy kiddos, happy daddy
i get very happy when i get pretty emails from adam lol
 only staying up to wish tom happy bday your the best
one of the simplest ways to stay happy is to let go of the things that make you sad.
smiling has always been easier than explaining why you're sad.
sad thing is, only i saw what you were capable of .
sad news about pat summitt today, she was always amazing to watch as she motivated and taught the game of basketball to everybody.
rt so sad to hear about dick clark. thank you for all the joy you brought us through the years. you will be missed.
found my alarm clock, i'm well excited to wake up to the radio, how sad is that?! oh well, fuck it, i am ecstatic!
hearing sad love songs.. i'm getting sad.. i should stop... but i can't.. i totally set myself up for this. lawl
i love you so much but i am not going to the concert i am sad.
plz be happy. when jaubert is happy jaubertinators are happy but when jaubert is sad jaubertinators are sad too. tyjm
soooo many do. its sad. rt i dont make a difference in my kids
i forgot how sad country strong was?
no, it's so good but sad ??
like bob hope before him, i appreciate what dick clark brought to the world but i see no reason to be personally sad.
thank you very much everyone :) night night to allllllll
just reading lots of peoples bios you guys are so sweet thank you :)
moms...help save some sweet kids life tonight...re-tweet some of our messages...thank you from some mother you will never meet.
rt 3 words, 2 seconds, 1 moment: "thank you god." rt this and be thankful not today, but everyday! :)
thank you for the follow back! :)
every single tweet of yours makes me laugh. thank you!
rt pretty great to know we can makeachange. best part of the job. thank you to all my fans making a positive difference in the world. love u
awwh sweetheart don't say stuff like that. you're absolutely gorgeous, but thank you
rt thank you to everyone who has donated to the kickstarter so far! here is an acoustic live video recorded in our...
thank you! it was a weird one for us at first but happy it got there in the end. x
thank you. someone had to zig while everyone zagged.
thank you for the tip!
why thank you, good luck with the pavement pounding this weekend- big respect.
i received +k in vintage from thanks!
thank you! ??????
no thank you! lol...was gonna hit u up friday or sat. too if u free we should grab a sip somewhere for real
thank you! =)
met you at the opening. fantastic show!!! thank you!!
rt nottingham thank you 4the love! my sound man told me chelsea won 1-0 when we started singing everybody in love! was buzzing! what a night!mx
in the context i'm using it, simple wouldn't work. but thank you!! it's good to know that none of them are inherently wrong.
oh lol yea. i love that. and thank you!!
that's awesome, nothing beats a good run. you should sign up for the nike women's marathon:
high nike socks + air maxes + asshole = wakefeild kid?!
my mom thinks i should buy a pair of nike free runs.. mom knows best?? just what color?
lol!! love me some polo n' nike :d
aww thanks darius(:
rt love my nike free run's. i'll do better next time. makeitcount i just finished a 5.05 mi run with nike+ gps. nikeplus makeitcount
lol the one we take class together in . you remember when she was trinna catch dat attitude wit folks .
how awesome are you?! rt ran 14.13 mi ¥ike$! noooo that was from the nyc half ..just synced it
rt rt janiece myers 'chris brown- beautiful people' (acoustic cover)
i loved ur video ur voice so beautiful
beautiful day in la crossw
yeah its really diferent sure, but i think that all countries are diferent but beautiful :)
 bitch bitch bitchhhhh lol i called you back yesterday or was that today
this is just a game. it's a beautiful lie.
what can i say?! beautiful, stunning as always an exceptional lady
rt demi is back to brazil! i hope that she may enjoy that beautiful country!
rt a real man gives his lady the attention she deserves, gives her all of his love, calls her beautiful, and treats her like a queen.
rt what makes you beautiful prettydecentsong didijustsaythat
rt youcangetmajorpointsif your loyal and beautiful
&ldquo; &ldquo; it's sad when dudes cheat on their beautiful girlfriends with baby ...
rt hey you, guess who zayn thinks is beautiful? read the 5th word again.
i think your a fucking beautiful person :) lol
rt i'm so beautiful &lt;3 confidencethroughtheroof
rt beautiful day. life is good.
if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best! marilyn monroe was such a beautiful woman!&lt;3
rt i hope u feel better beautiful :)
someone, somewhere: thinks you're beautiful.
rt disney should make a hairless princess, so the little girls with cancer can feel beautiful too :) &lt;3
rt guy: what's up bitch girl: he he heyyyyy what's up ;) nice guy: hello beautiful :) girl: hi
rt your beautiful and im handsome that'll be good for the babies if ever we go there maybe
rt such a beautiful sight.
raven so beautiful and that smile sweet lord can we say epic
what do you think shall we go visit your beautiful directioner faces
rt bald and the beautiful! about to shave the head----?that's how i roll!!! win
that was beautiful!!
all i ever wear on my head is earring. never make up, nd with that being said i am beautiful ..let me put some make up on! ima catch'em all
my babies are fucking beautiful :)
under the sea! beautiful
“ “ retweet if you think your mommy is beautiful : ) ?””
can't wait till we have babys,there gonna be so beautiful
rt thejokesonyou if you leave your beautiful, faithful girlfriend for a barn yard animal lookin hoe.
subhanallah looks so beautiful! think i need to be there right now too lol
you are beautiful girls
read my review of this poem - "beautiful starlet" by gino vallejo:
you tweet so fucking much, calm the fuck down!!! much love bby
hey bitch lets get down to. you can unfollow gives the marrythezombie, he was hacked. and follow me here? please.* i love u. ?15
rt we was determined walking down that street boy !
the complete soccer goalkeeper: shut down the opponent and stop every shot. only the complete soccer goalkeeper ...
??? easy to fall in love bt difficult to stay down in love
quick blunt with down at bentley shooore
who hates on rochester? hands down the best upstate city
rt cool story bro!? how about i push you down a fucking hill and when you're screaming "i broke my leg!" i'll be like... "cool story bro.
rt we were strangers , we were friends , we were close , we were lovers, we were down for eachother , we were strong . now "we" aint even known
ann romney demands a woman's right to choose to stay home, but she's against a woman's right to choose what happens in her own body. smart.
a complete catalog of romney s lies! take a look! -&gt; 700
lilly ledbetter slams mitt romney, gop on fair pay issue
rt it's been a silly day in politics. in the us, they're saying that romney hates dogs and obama likes to eat them.
rt let's keep nugent talking, show the independents what kind of friends mitt romney has
romney trains horses and lets them compete as they love to do. obama brought back eating horses as law of the land. tcot sgp teaparty
mrs.romney gave interview saying seamus liked it! uh no mrs. romney
glad romney locked up the nomination—was briefly worried election wouldn't have a "i'm a mac / i'm a pc" kinda vibe.
it's been a silly day in politics. in the us, they're saying that romney hates dogs and obama likes to eat them.
rt if you stand with president obama in support of millionaires paying their fair share in taxes. buffettrule
obama calls warren buffett, wishes him well
well sincemittsbeengone mr. obama could not convince one member of his own party to vote in favor of his budget proposal.
finna go eat, then go to this obama meeting 2nite at 7:30 free pizza and pop yyyeeee
that means women should earn equal pay for equal work. thank you pres. obama!
the secret service scandal just keeps getting better. only hope they can trace this kind of activity to pre-obama years.
all u haters last 5 min. was best in nba this year - on the road- team losing & he scores last 17 pts - mvp
prep soccer: auburn set to host annual soccer for a cure event: each of the auburn high soccer program's previou...
rt yougetmajorpointsif you start the conversation first, smell nice, and are into sports&lt;3
shout out to that sexy chick in high heels playin a saxophone next to that red sports car poster.
rt greatest women's coach ever. maybe greatest coach in all sports ever. thanks for the memories. patsummitt
big thanks to frank deblase of / for mentioning our show with this saturday!
“so sad that a disease like alzheimer's has taken away a great american sports ambassador at the young age of 59, prayers for pat summit”
 laughing tweets are not necessary just do lol in caps... hehe
you seem like a pretty funny guy. my friend in denver has a show on mile high sports if u want to advertise. he'll take care of u.
endless pasta, i think so! (@ crystal city sports pub)
“ your boy” he's just having a good time. bobhuggins
rt best sports writing ever rt kurt vonnegut briefly worked for si:
obviously i did! the darius miller episode was a great one
pastrana to make nascar debut: x games rally star travis pastrana set make his nascar debut with michael waltrip...
from a hoya to a vol...thank you pat summitt for your impact on not just basketball, but college sports as a whole.
inspired by japanese fashion - whaddaya think?
streams - fashion king: / love rain:
i hear you we would love to have you as a guest on fashion police. come join in the fun...anytime!
hi see 25 of rosie huntington-whiteley's sexiest editorials yet thanks
rt oh shit! congrats rt tonight charlie brown's fashion weekly follow via
fashion style me vintage: make up: easy step-by-step techniques for creating classic looks ...
topshop strikes again! {i love 1 + 3} really need to take a wander in that shop ... {via
lmao sorry rt i was like "when did i start following this asian kid"? lol
76% of men don't care about what you wear, but how you wear it. so, girls, feel good!
rt -less than 2 hours away! the meridadwayne fashion show at jfk(formerly the boxing ring) @ 7:30...no cover...that means free for u slow ones
hey do you wanna go to this? student fashion show? could be fun
am only watching it due to ricky, but i think i love nick, a real man, no idea about fashion or dancing. bet he likes cricket
talentshow/fashion show up lake friday . ima have to be high cuz that shit goin be too funny !
rt a last train is like a late night radio phone-in show. every walk of life thrown together in a strange, only semi serious/sensible fashion..
watching confessions of a shopaholic. i love this movie tbh. fashion
my 5 wishes would be get wings to fly get rich and famouse at age 12 be pretty and cute and be a fashion desginer
model has natural 20-inch waist - strange
oh shit! congrats rt tonight charlie brown's fashion weekly follow via
rt workin on putting music together for a show for australian fashion week.. exciting. i love doing this stuff..
aww tnx guys, lots of &lt;3 love the recent jls commission!! you clothes and passion for fashion is beyond words! well done!!
rt best fashion,music,movies,celeb news/gossip & more!!! youwillloveit
a proud participant in br fashion week 2012! for today's new fashions & personal friendly service, shop in!
hi please follow =&gt; , london and milan based online boutique, they tweet about fashion, thanks.
military fashion, nobody was surprised at the response which he got from.
ut hiphop couture condom skirt ( back) for condom couture fashion show for safe sex
yay! alexis magazine singapore fashion swag
quite possibly the best amazon review i have ever seen -
one of the best ways to change is to surround yourself with people who live as you aspire to. pg 16
high back executive leather ergonomic office chair computer desk o13: seat size: 20"(w) x 20"(d) seat height: 1...
quoizel mm5005bg minuet 5-light chandelier with amber crystal drops, bombay gold: inspired by the turn of the ce...
doreen erhardt cat breed collection - bombay cat love cat breed in cheetah print and red - light switch covers -...
doreen erhardt cat breed collection - bombay cat love cat breed in cheetah print and red - light switch covers -...
boss b6909 mesh back and crepe seat stacking with arm 1 unit, guest chair, black: contemporary style. ideal for ...
it's smart to visualize tiger woods back within the news for his golf game instead of his personal issues.
brinjal pickle (sweet): pickles are a great addition to add some zest to your meal. easy to use, you can spread ...
samsung tl9 digital casecrown camera compact padded back front pocket pink case: this camera case is perfect to ...
great my daughter lost her dsi...ugh
brinjal pickle (sweet): pickles are a great addition to add some zest to your meal. easy to use, you can spread ...
&gt; logitech alert 750e outdoor master security system with night vision:
gmail should be back for some of you already, and will be back for everyone soon. thanks for your patience.
this is absolutely brilliant: a simulation of how google would have looked in the '80s - and it works!
rt intuitive surgical's robots help surgeons perform precise procedures; now its stock on the heels of apple & google.
a try ma best haha, a might end up resortin to google though if a canny make it to level 7, its twistin ma melon
trust bgr...lol &gt; apple's next iphone launch could be most important in smartphone history
be healthy! wednesdays presents tips from the experts: avoiding baseball injuries: here are some of his tips for...
haha ofc. & haha omfg haha i need to go on google maps lol. need to find my way to zayns bedroom
oakley could be cooking up smart glasses to rival google's projectglass /
hogwart's great hall: hogwart's great hall without the special effects submitted by:...
“ google is an alternate spelling for a number with a 100 zeros. the creators thought it'd be easier to say”. lol
free shipping for cialis @ cheap fed ex cialis viagra online fast shipping from india, free...
i was just thinking how good google+ was but realised it was just because its facebook without any dickheads on it as of yet..
epson unveils powerlite home cinema 710hd – delivering high-definition big ...: april 17, 2012 – epson america, ...
willalwayslovebritney that is well worth any discussion!
inclusive education still best model, says advocate
this is too funny not to share..fun. - we're not young (yahoo! parody): via
bogo deal coupon - fairwindsgolfcourse ftpierce buy 18 rounds get 18 round free! save $$! get for only $10! cheapcouponz
excited we made yahoo news s.a -
news: marco beach ocean resort receives “best hotel and lodging website” honor by web advertising assoc.
marco beach ocean resort receives “best hotel and lodging website” honor by web advertising assoc.: marco island...
best buy to run windows phone 'parties' with giveaways: best buy and microsoft have teamed up on a behind... macnn
well just finished an interview with a microsoft partner, as a programmer, it was great, and i have to thank...
fixed xbox: discover how to fix your xbox 360 ultra fast!: "never again pay for microsoft to repair your xbox 36...
“ microsoft outlook tips rt what's going on here??”&lt;&lt;&lt;lol
rt microsoft embraces 'world of connected devices' at mms
best buy to run windows phone 'parties' with giveaways: best buy and microsoft have teamed up on a behind the ti...
best buy to run windows phone 'parties' with giveaways: best buy and microsoft have teamed up on a behind the ti...
best buy to run windows phone 'parties' with giveaways: best buy and microsoft have teamed up on a behind the ti...
just in: best buy to run windows phone 'parties' with giveaways: best buy and microsoft have teamed up on a behi...
best buy to run windows phone 'parties' with giveaways: best buy and microsoft have teamed up on a behind the ti...
rt microsoft: openstandards are good... if they're the open standards we get paid for - quite
excited to watch the microsoft arcade next event, teamwoo
click it if want to know how to get microsoft points for free
microsoft embraces 'world of connected devices' at mms
well just finished by interview with a microsoft partner, as a programmer, it was great, and i have to thank...
free shipping on all pcs and xbox consoles from the microsoft store! - - free shipping offered by: microsoft...
great thing for facebook! thank u, microsoft
microsoft office word 2010: complete. by gary b. shelley and misty vermaat: introduce your students to the new g...
rt things normal people don't think dancers say: "i want food!" wesaythisalot mylifebedance
rt waystomakemehappy food !! lol
rt i want a nice body . . . ., but then i like food . . .
food glorious food! (@ sea ranch diner)
food was delicious!!! need to work it off now
rt we thought he had finished the pringles cause he was eating smaller "chips" but really niall had just gotten more food. lol.
rt dear lord, i haven't had the smoothest week, but i'm still alive, safe, in a sound mind, with food, clothes, and shelter. thank you.
i want some food
i'm feeling proud - cheer me on with a comment and start your own food & fitness journal:
don't gain wait rt when my mom yells at me cause i keep eating food but i don't gain wait and she's like "y u no fair
rt yougetmajorpoints if can eat hella food in front of you & you think it's cute?
whats up wit dem cookies?!?!dc food snack amazing taste yum good try delicious
shii, when you go indonesia, please try "rendang". it's very delicious and spicy :) enjoy the culinary there. lots of delicious food
rt this is cool: & announce new partnership for "?uest loves food" catering
somebody can be nice and bring ya girl some food , *wink wink* jordan p.
lol what food pic
. 'extremely excited' for electric zoo festival via ezoo
do you love i love s.o.b.s! apply for free to perform @ nyc's monthlong festival: ends friday! opp
fine arts festival (@ bellefontaine high school w/ 5 others) [pic]:
rt vimeo festival + awards voting now open - 156 awesome videos for your consideration - at
“ 5 creative marketing concepts that will reset your thinking --- thoughts in motion. thanks!
rt tribeca film festival is this week and next. total awesomeness. [very cool. tell us what you see?]
rt really really want to go to hop farm festival this year, the line up is so good!
rt hoping to build relationships with a lot of talented brothers and sisters at the baltimore urban book festival!
hi please tell all your mums about children's book festival on may 20th which will be a wonderful day for all fun
aw i know they're lovely &lt;3 i've never been to a festival as well haha i'm like secretly 12 or something
rt yall should all come out to the fine arts festival the 28th though..its free.
fashion news: coachella rocks eclectic style
sorry i missed your tweet. our kids had a great time at the arts festival, although i wasn't able to make it myself this time.
rt if winning a £20k holiday, a vip trip for 4 to disneyland paris and trips to nyc, vegas or ibiza sounds fun!
anton rippon: long queues are a dark cloud hanging over holiday flights: but i was smiling at those newspaper he...
rt sick of hearing about 4/20 lol . if you need a holiday to smoke.. you'redoingitwrong lmfao
hi twitterz sorry haven't been on a lot... hectic on holiday: ) hope you're all doing great, talk shortly
ok 10 minutes of revising maths makes up for the whole holiday of not revising
cant wait till i go on holiday in the summer, apartments right by the beach so i shall hopefully get a nice tan!
rt the time i finish school tomorrow is the time i have been getting up this holiday fun cantwait sarcastichashtags
lol. did you tell them about holiday world yet?
finished my last assignment and found a cheeky holiday tonight! productive sunshine
hi beautiful. i hope you had an amazing holiday, please follow me:-( i love you??
rt some of yall already celebratin 420 every day lol yall dont need the holiday!
will be so happy when my final major project is over ! ready for a holiday
doing great! on holiday and doing things around the home..:)
i love seeing your name appear on my phone when you text me.. waystomakemehappy
my love for you is like a mirror.. you can break it into a million pieces but when you look close.. you're still in it.
holy mother of god that was mental, we love australia, can't wait t come back next year, its been an amazing tour,
rt finishing touches to the dangerzonemixtape! announcing the release date tomorrow! love my team & supporters
rt i won't give up on us even if the skies get rough, i'm giving you all my love, i'm still looking up &lt;3
love myself
rt i love sour skittles !&lt;3
hey love!
 our love is real! i think you and i need to spend a little time with mike...if you know what i mean ;) &me!
rt i love everybody
captain jack, i love you
was just advised by my mom april is sexual assault awareness month & she told me she bought me mase "just to be safe." hahaha love her
if you love something let it go, and if it comes back then that's how you know.
oh fuckk off he's doing crew love
me and my bby on a date tonight. :) i love you justin! :)
your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. - rumi
jake passed all 3 nvhspe taken last month! was a bit worried about math...out 2 dinner 2 celebrate! love u, jake....
s/o to my cuhh its his birthday , ladies go follow him &'d wish him a happy birthday ! (: love uu cuhh &'d happy birthday !
rt the first love is the sweetest but the cut is the deepest . . . .
love or hate me. i stay hate-free.
rt i literally can't stop eating, food is my love
rt rt dis if u n love wit somebody &lt;3
i love the fact me and bestfriends became bestfriends over a pair of jordans. &lt;3 madhappy
omg i would love it if 2omf could come to chicago for my bday.! :) &lt;3
man i love texting with emojis.. i get sad when i text droids & can't use them &lt;&lt;
i love my kidds mann! i swear i do!
rt a real relationship: has fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, arguments, patience, secrets, jealousy and love
rt i love buying new pajama pants. ? pigpants
rt seriously, if you like a cheerleader go to a competition and they'll love you.
rt shoutout 2 my south african jetsetters. love and appreciate ya'll so much!!! promise i'm gonna make my way over there!
i love rihanna man the shit is unreal
rt i love the boyz.
rt love that keeps on loving when all of it's reasons & desires have been (cont)
rt i don't even talk to oomfs anymore . i thought i was so in love , but when someone shows you whats truly real i guess you forget the rest .
rt but i'm tired of being tired. trying to love, trying to fight, and i'm running out of tries
rt i see you released your vid...i looks awesome!!!!!! mrallblackeverything i love it... i can feel it & see it in ya eyez humble
i love it when people ask me if its my real hair, or extensions
never been a dummy , never love never kissed him
rt hangin with the homie playing with rocks. i love rocks
rt and then they dream of………………… love
love you too , btw you going to play mor saturday ?
i love that sound you make.. when you shut the fuck upp
rt its offical... im obsessed and seriously in love with the new ... come to the west end and release backing tracks!!!!!
rt lol shush don't speak of this -.- haha i love you too (:
god send me a angel to heal my broken heart from being in love
i love you so much gorgeous &lt;3333
when the one you love, loves someone else &lt;&lt;&lt; worstpainever
sex ain't better than love...
? want our story is like the titanic! but ours has a happy ending ? i love you :) rt: 15
love this rainy weather. if i only i had someone to share my grilled cheese sandwich with :) 