when i'm sad, i sing but then, i realize that my voice is worse than my problems. d:
why should i always make the effort, some friendships may just not be worth it. shame and sad
its sad that i have to raise my voice at someone just to get some damn answers.
telling people you're tired, when in reality you're just sad.
not only was pincall illegal, but the players were considered to be bad asses! too bad i'm a geek! kinda sad.
that was so sad, king is such a g
at the madd victim impact panel for class .. the videos & stories are soo sad !!!!
rt the (sad) life of a software engineer
there's no cure for chronic pharyngitis. sad depressed
it's sad i don't know how to work a mac computer.
they sad asses
in the depressed mood! sad songs are coming on! depressioncentral
wow that's intense ...and very sad how can i get involed
i feel sad bout wat happened @ skool 2day
last chance to tweet before we create a non-fan club for you. don't make her sad on her buffday.
dick clarke, rip. so sad.
i hate it when he is sad heartbroken
the person i like was sad today i hate to see him like that i just want to kiss him and make him feel better:)to real
i'll be heading to the harbor for our weekly sail. it will be a bit sad because of our fellow sydney 38 sailors who perished last weekend.
i'm sooo sad & u know why?'cause u do livechats when i'm sleeping and when i'm at school & i could not see sorry4myenglish
jesus is the real best friend who cheer you up when you're down! he comforts you when you're sad and fight for you when you're hurt :')
very sad day.
“ truest thing i've ever seen. “ the (sad) life of a software engineer yes.
rt damn. thinking back to the times me and had makes me pretty sad. i miss that nigga.
rt ialwayswonderif people are going to be sad if i were die?
that is just sooo sad :( - you must have felt awful. timewillhealeventually
its sad to watch some one destroy themselves
rt the sad sad moment when you run over your own banana peel in mario kart.
writing is a lonely business, my friend. that is a sad fact we must get used to.
this fuckin show is makin me sad bro.
the sad thing is you made all the mistakes not me,u cheated&you constantly lied&yelled&it hurt , but that's what's crazy im the one hurting.
sad to hear about dick clark's passing. nye won't be the same without "the world's oldest teenager
dick clark dies at the age of 82 such sad news. may he find wings to the kingdom of our lord. "r.i.p dick clark
when im in the car and a sad song comes on the radio, i stare out the window and act like im in a movie. teamfollowback
is the game ever going to stop making sad music?
all the songs i listen to, reminds me of trayvonmartin. it makes me extremely sad. always on my mind.
the funeral for the maloney is right down the road from me! it so sad :( you will always be our hearts thank you for risking ur life maloney
“ ohhhh i feel sad for whoever monte suppose to be going with”
i'm so sad!!
i was thinking about it yesterday though, my birthday is never treated as anything special. makes me sad
boys that wear flip flops &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; it's okay to wear nike sandals w/ socks! i can't stand seeing y'all ugly toes.
i have so much nike that i feel awkward wanting to buy reebok shoes..
8-miles walked today. not bad starting late. i just finished a 8.01 mi run with a pace of 17'16"/mi with nike+ gps. nikeplus makeitcount
nike 6.0 paul rodriguez 4 skate shoe - kids' black/dark charcoal, 2.0: hook up your snot-nosed skater with the n...
dayum! he was beautiful... i got a little nervous... that's how you know he had to be all that.
shewonttakeyouseriousif you keep letting her down. eventually she'll give up and realize she deserves better.
you always witness the fitness with ricky martin ....ah finger down throat
the set of "saved by the bell" was never taken down completely and has been used for many other shows like "that's so raven" and "icarly.
rt sometimes you gotta fall down so you can learn how to get up.
rt kinda miss living in pi phi where i can run down the halls and see my friends, my apt is lonely avliving imisscampus
i hate how she trys to bring meh down, i never say shit cause i know that she is bigger than meh and its not worth it. psh yeah "bestfriend
&lt;yeah, sent chills down my spine!!!
you need 2 slow down...
seem like err time i sit down to do hw, some other "important" shit pop up..ctfu
chathamniggaislandbreezequote let's shut down the picture booth
rt i wish i could twerk ?????? *goes sit down*
pat summitt steps down...sad day!!
rt you gotta get knocked down to know how it feels to gett back upp..rs
it was a monstrous big river down there--sometimes a mile.
rt go hollie! put the house down! i wish that the person who'll take rolling in the deep to be you! you rock it!
niggity: negative, down side, sucky part
hahahha naaa i'm down . why you mad tho? lol
u have to know the feeling of being down in order to get up
omfg “ dead rt y'all i bent down to tie my shoe and my pussy smell so bad lmao”
1 easter egg down.... 5 to go d-:
i watched the first series today, i don't think she does being a slave! she'd break down
joe black is the sickest artist in london hands down
rt i hate when my favorite song comes on the radio in the car, and someone turns the volume down to talk.
rt the snowball truck need to make its way down here !!
come down to australia and you can come with me ;d
i can't get down there that fast because i missed the circ
want to guarantee youll get a rub-down at airport security? shatter your leg and have a titanium rod inserted into it. life
hold me down like i hold you down.
the day is going down without a problem,but i can't ignore my gut! my spider senses are tingling.
rt blanket on: too hot. blanket off: too cold. one leg out: perfect! til the demon from paranormal activity grabs it & drags you down the hall
rt my motha be actin all different web she on the phone , trynna show off she betta sit ha ass down
rt i can literally fall asleep as soon as i lay down. ??
rt now this is a story all about how my life got twisted upside down now and i'd like to take a minute just sit right there
we coming down friday tho
i'm all about winning . i look down & see them , when i look up i don't see any .
pegi bareng oi tomcat " samo la ck milan *eehrt apodak, going down kan barca
now wachin bringin down the house wit my dad
hah imma down for that. big or little spoon?
 now i see how you can be , i don't want you round me , all you do is down me boyyyyyyyyby gurl
rt getting yelled at for going down the slide with multiple people alwaysgetcaught but soworththejoyride
rt i hate feeling like i've let someone down.
probably. its not abnormal. i've seen them on trucks and driving down the road rt it is a tank on ...
daniel & 3 friends refused to lift up nebudchadnezzer as supreme political auth. is lifting romney & mrmnsm any different 4 christians? fb
rt member of anti-hispanic hate group is an adviser to mitt romney rt ows p2 immigration
exactly what's scary. he's only ever won once. rt it's romney's to lose.
obama vs. romney: close, nasty and unpredictable via voteobama
rt republicans hold obama accountable for every word of ever person he's ever known..but now say romney is not responsible for ted nugent? p2
tednugent crazy, hypocrite,racist gun carrying idiot ! romney is a coward for not distancing himself from him.
romney & republican leadership won't call out nugent. they're hoping some nut will make an assassination attempt on obama politicsnation
rt " i despise.. despise.. mitt romney
romney tied with obama in new poll, but likability is an issue luv ann & mitt: least adult us leaders
ted nugent endorsed mitt romney again. not everyone is as dumb as your fans, ted. that goes for you too mittens.
sincemittsbeengone romney '08 co-chair doug gross said romney "lacks authenticity" and won't endorse the candidate
“in this country, prosperity does not trickle down. prosperity grows from the bottom up.”—president obama speaking in elyria, ohio today
obama in cartegena promising to "curb americans' appetite" for drugs while his own secret service is hungry for cocaine and hookers. om nom
rt fox won't report on the decades of nugent being a pedophile. if obama had this skeleton, there'd be an all points bulletin!
republicans hold obama accountable for every word of every person he's ever known..but now say romney is not responsible for ted nugent?
rt wapo editorial: “obama's gas ‘crackdown' will do little to lower prices”- obamaonempty bestreads
ann romney birthday fundraiser: some attendees question obama's citizenship (video) via yawn boring!!!
how much will your little forum be on all the obama campaign money coming from socialist big labor looting their members?
what's wrong with "african-americans for obama?" - jsonline
obama "will lead us from the dark into the light". beware of all false prophets in the end times! obama "the antichrist"?
coach summitt was a class act with crazy knowledge of the game! she is no doubt the example of what ncaa sports is all about
london 2012 ticket headache taken away for britain's top athletes: [b]british medal hopes like jessica ennis and...
the awkward moment when your friend is bitter about your great fashion purchases.
fashion (butterfly / red) nylon padded case for casio exilim ex-s5 10mp digital camera blue: limited lifetime re...
making older niggas mad at my fashion
rt you think thats a fashion statement? thejokesonyou those clothes are ugly af
strathwood basics anti-gravity adjustable recliner chair, dark brown with champagne frame: strathwood's anti-gra...
corbett-lighting 118-32 nirvana - two light flush mount, bombay brass finish: finish:bombay brass, light bulb:(2...
corbett lighting 118-41 nirvana hanging large pendant, bombay: size:small, finish:bombay brass, light bulb:(1)10...
cold fusion server pro 4.0 with 2-year subscription:
google says they're 'investigating reports of an issue with google mail' -
i got 1,161,984 points while escaping from demon monkeys in for android. beat that!
just have a cheeky google on the hard ones;-)
yahoo's dan wetzel hammers ncaa, coaches, administrators as hypocrites: hard to argue. (new link)
colts keep quiet but make decision on no 1 pick - yahoo! sports
dick clark dead at 82 - yahoo! tv via
mcphail frustrated by draws
is it wrong that i'm using google translate while on yahoo?
drogas auditivas now this is genuinely f'n insane!
microsoft bizspark doubles down on techstars, launches an accelerator for azure-based apps by
rt microsoft bizspark doubles down on techstars, launches an accelerator for azure-based apps by
rt he just kept shoving food in his mouth without looking .... totally what drunk people do omg. nialler babeh.
just liked almost every new post on my instagram news feed, 90% were food/drink. i am ashamed
barely hungry but i heated up some food. whoops. ??
rt dont ask me for none of my food after i have gotten done practicing.you won't like me
i am who i am. i'm weird, i'm lame, i run into things, i spill food, i trip, i scream about random & stupid stuff. but, i like it that way.
i should feed my fish.. but i'm too lazy to crawl over to the fish food that's 3 feet away... lazyproblems
i am trying to appeal to you as a band, to give a small time festival a shot. to give local bands a shot.
have a wicked holiday my love get pissed out your face, party hard, get tanned, and bring me my magnet!! love ya beitchhhhhh
nope not working on sat! put in for a holiday oh yeaaaah!
every1 wants to get in shape 4 there holiday and not putting in the work with your dead personal trainers. is right guy 4 u
rt really dominos? you're having a 420 holiday special? this is just fucking sad
i did love the road, but so so very dark and hopeless. might give this a try.